README.md, before:

# JVM Programming Challenges

![](https://github.com/jsextonn/jvm-challenges/workflows/build/badge.svg)

Programming challenges written in JVM specific languages.

## Completed Programming Challenges

- [Java Code Wars](#java-code-wars)
- [Kotlin Code Wars](#kotlin-code-wars)

### Java Code Wars

#### 3 Kyu

- Prime Stream (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5519a584a73e70fa570005f5)

#### 4 Kyu

- Large Factorials (https://www.codewars.com/kata/557f6437bf8dcdd135000010)
- Strip Comments (https://www.codewars.com/kata/51c8e37cee245da6b40000bd)
- Binary Divisible by Five (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5647c3858d4acbbe550000ad)
- Snail (https://www.codewars.com/kata/521c2db8ddc89b9b7a0000c1)
- Permutations (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5254ca2719453dcc0b00027d)
- Time Formatter (https://www.codewars.com/kata/52742f58faf5485cae000b9a)
- Bagels (https://www.codewars.com/kata/54bd6b4c956834c9870001a1)
- Sudoku Solution Validator (https://www.codewars.com/kata/529bf0e9bdf7657179000008)

#### 5 Kyu

- Scramblies (https://www.codewars.com/kata/55c04b4cc56a697bb0000048)
- Count Ip Address (https://www.codewars.com/kata/526989a41034285187000de4)
- Maximum Sub-Array Sum (https://www.codewars.com/kata/54521e9ec8e60bc4de000d6c)
- Human Readable Time (https://www.codewars.com/kata/52685f7382004e774f0001f7)
- Double Cola (https://www.codewars.com/kata/551dd1f424b7a4cdae0001f0)
- Simple Pig Latin (https://www.codewars.com/kata/520b9d2ad5c005041100000f)
- One Semicolon Fibonacci Stream (https://www.codewars.com/kata/59e625bf3d09a7471d00020e)

#### 6 Kyu

- Your Order Please (https://www.codewars.com/kata/55c45be3b2079eccff00010f)
- Find the Odd Int (https://www.codewars.com/kata/54da5a58ea159efa38000836)
- Reverse or Rotate (https://www.codewars.com/kata/56b5afb4ed1f6d5fb0000991)
- Who Likes It (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5266876b8f4bf2da9b000362)
- Parity Outlier (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5526fc09a1bbd946250002dc)
- Tribonacci Sequence (https://www.codewars.com/kata/556deca17c58da83c00002db)
- Duplicate Encoder (https://www.codewars.com/kata/54b42f9314d9229fd6000d9c)
- Spin Words (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5264d2b162488dc400000001)
- Dubstep (https://www.codewars.com/kata/551dc350bf4e526099000ae5)
- Vasya Clerk (https://www.codewars.com/kata/555615a77ebc7c2c8a0000b8)
- Consecutive Strings (https://www.codewars.com/kata/56a5d994ac971f1ac500003e)
- Valid Braces (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5277c8a221e209d3f6000b56)
- Create Phone Number (https://www.codewars.com/kata/525f50e3b73515a6db000b83)
- Expand Number (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5842df8ccbd22792a4000245)
- Help The BookKeeper (https://www.codewars.com/kata/54dc6f5a224c26032800005c)
- Transposition (https://www.codewars.com/kata/57a153e872292d7c030009d4)
- Encrypt This (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5848565e273af816fb000449)
- Find The Unique Number (https://www.codewars.com/kata/585d7d5adb20cf33cb000235)
- Matrix Addition (https://www.codewars.com/kata/526233aefd4764272800036f)
- Highest Scoring Word (https://www.codewars.com/kata/57eb8fcdf670e99d9b000272)
- Validate Credit Card (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5418a1dd6d8216e18a0012b2)
- Decode the Morse Code (https://www.codewars.com/kata/54b724efac3d5402db00065e)

#### 7 Kyu

- Isograms (https://www.codewars.com/kata/54ba84be607a92aa900000f1)
- High and Low (https://www.codewars.com/kata/554b4ac871d6813a03000035)
- Complementary DNA (https://www.codewars.com/kata/554e4a2f232cdd87d9000038)
- First Non Repeated Character (https://www.codewars.com/kata/570f6436b29c708a32000826)
- Two to One (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5656b6906de340bd1b0000ac)
- X's and O's (https://www.codewars.com/kata/55908aad6620c066bc00002a)
- Descending Order (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5467e4d82edf8bbf40000155)
- Square Every Digit (https://www.codewars.com/kata/546e2562b03326a88e000020)
- Sum Even or Odd (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5949481f86420f59480000e7)
- Reverse Words (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5259b20d6021e9e14c0010d4)
- String Ends With (https://www.codewars.com/kata/51f2d1cafc9c0f745c00037d)
- Sum Of Numbers (https://www.codewars.com/kata/55f2b110f61eb01779000053)
- Printer Errors (https://www.codewars.com/kata/56541980fa08ab47a0000040)
- Pin Validator (https://www.codewars.com/kata/55f8a9c06c018a0d6e000132)
- Count The Digit (https://www.codewars.com/kata/566fc12495810954b1000030)
- Maximum Length Difference (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5663f5305102699bad000056)
- The Highest Profit Wins (https://www.codewars.com/kata/559590633066759614000063)
- Unlucky Days (https://www.codewars.com/kata/56eb0be52caf798c630013c0)

#### 8 Kyu

- Sum Positive (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5715eaedb436cf5606000381)
- Total Amount of Points (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5bb904724c47249b10000131)
- Reverse String (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5168bb5dfe9a00b126000018)
- Opposite Number (https://www.codewars.com/kata/56dec885c54a926dcd001095)

### Kotlin Code Wars

#### 5 Kyu

- Last Digit of Large Number (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5511b2f550906349a70004e1)

#### 6 Kyu

- Divisibility Rule (https://www.codewars.com/kata/564057bc348c7200bd0000ff)
- Backwards Read Primes (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5539fecef69c483c5a000015)
- Color Code Generation (https://www.codewars.com/kata/56f1c6034d0c330e4a001059)
- Convert to Camel Case (https://www.codewars.com/kata/517abf86da9663f1d2000003)
- Which Are In (https://www.codewars.com/kata/550554fd08b86f84fe000a58)
- Unwanted Dollars (https://www.codewars.com/kata/587309155cfd6b9fb60000a0)
- Meeting (https://www.codewars.com/kata/59df2f8f08c6cec835000012)
- A+B=123 (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5966a52ab4f24db1800000cc)

#### 7 Kyu

- Hide Password (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5a726f16373c2ee6c60000db)
- Beads Count (https://www.codewars.com/kata/58712dfa5c538b6fc7000569)
- Small Enough (https://www.codewars.com/kata/57cc981a58da9e302a000214)
- The Office I (https://www.codewars.com/kata/57ecf6efc7fe13eb070000e1)

#### 8 Kyu

- Will They Survive (https://www.codewars.com/kata/59ca8246d751df55cc00014c)

Commit message:

Updated README to include link to other language programming challenges

README.md, after:

# JVM Programming Challenges

![](https://github.com/jsextonn/jvm-challenges/workflows/build/badge.svg)

Programming challenges written in JVM specific languages.

Visit https://github.com/JSextonn/all-challenges if you're interested in seeing programming challenges completed in other languages.

## Completed Programming Challenges

- [Java Code Wars](#java-code-wars)
- [Kotlin Code Wars](#kotlin-code-wars)

### Java Code Wars

#### 3 Kyu

- Prime Stream (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5519a584a73e70fa570005f5)

#### 4 Kyu

- Large Factorials (https://www.codewars.com/kata/557f6437bf8dcdd135000010)
- Strip Comments (https://www.codewars.com/kata/51c8e37cee245da6b40000bd)
- Binary Divisible by Five (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5647c3858d4acbbe550000ad)
- Snail (https://www.codewars.com/kata/521c2db8ddc89b9b7a0000c1)
- Permutations (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5254ca2719453dcc0b00027d)
- Time Formatter (https://www.codewars.com/kata/52742f58faf5485cae000b9a)
- Bagels (https://www.codewars.com/kata/54bd6b4c956834c9870001a1)
- Sudoku Solution Validator (https://www.codewars.com/kata/529bf0e9bdf7657179000008)

#### 5 Kyu

- Scramblies (https://www.codewars.com/kata/55c04b4cc56a697bb0000048)
- Count Ip Address (https://www.codewars.com/kata/526989a41034285187000de4)
- Maximum Sub-Array Sum (https://www.codewars.com/kata/54521e9ec8e60bc4de000d6c)
- Human Readable Time (https://www.codewars.com/kata/52685f7382004e774f0001f7)
- Double Cola (https://www.codewars.com/kata/551dd1f424b7a4cdae0001f0)
- Simple Pig Latin (https://www.codewars.com/kata/520b9d2ad5c005041100000f)
- One Semicolon Fibonacci Stream (https://www.codewars.com/kata/59e625bf3d09a7471d00020e)

#### 6 Kyu

- Your Order Please (https://www.codewars.com/kata/55c45be3b2079eccff00010f)
- Find the Odd Int (https://www.codewars.com/kata/54da5a58ea159efa38000836)
- Reverse or Rotate (https://www.codewars.com/kata/56b5afb4ed1f6d5fb0000991)
- Who Likes It (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5266876b8f4bf2da9b000362)
- Parity Outlier (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5526fc09a1bbd946250002dc)
- Tribonacci Sequence (https://www.codewars.com/kata/556deca17c58da83c00002db)
- Duplicate Encoder (https://www.codewars.com/kata/54b42f9314d9229fd6000d9c)
- Spin Words (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5264d2b162488dc400000001)
- Dubstep (https://www.codewars.com/kata/551dc350bf4e526099000ae5)
- Vasya Clerk (https://www.codewars.com/kata/555615a77ebc7c2c8a0000b8)
- Consecutive Strings (https://www.codewars.com/kata/56a5d994ac971f1ac500003e)
- Valid Braces (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5277c8a221e209d3f6000b56)
- Create Phone Number (https://www.codewars.com/kata/525f50e3b73515a6db000b83)
- Expand Number (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5842df8ccbd22792a4000245)
- Help The BookKeeper (https://www.codewars.com/kata/54dc6f5a224c26032800005c)
- Transposition (https://www.codewars.com/kata/57a153e872292d7c030009d4)
- Encrypt This (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5848565e273af816fb000449)
- Find The Unique Number (https://www.codewars.com/kata/585d7d5adb20cf33cb000235)
- Matrix Addition (https://www.codewars.com/kata/526233aefd4764272800036f)
- Highest Scoring Word (https://www.codewars.com/kata/57eb8fcdf670e99d9b000272)
- Validate Credit Card (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5418a1dd6d8216e18a0012b2)
- Decode the Morse Code (https://www.codewars.com/kata/54b724efac3d5402db00065e)

#### 7 Kyu

- Isograms (https://www.codewars.com/kata/54ba84be607a92aa900000f1)
- High and Low (https://www.codewars.com/kata/554b4ac871d6813a03000035)
- Complementary DNA (https://www.codewars.com/kata/554e4a2f232cdd87d9000038)
- First Non Repeated Character (https://www.codewars.com/kata/570f6436b29c708a32000826)
- Two to One (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5656b6906de340bd1b0000ac)
- X's and O's (https://www.codewars.com/kata/55908aad6620c066bc00002a)
- Descending Order (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5467e4d82edf8bbf40000155)
- Square Every Digit (https://www.codewars.com/kata/546e2562b03326a88e000020)
- Sum Even or Odd (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5949481f86420f59480000e7)
- Reverse Words (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5259b20d6021e9e14c0010d4)
- String Ends With (https://www.codewars.com/kata/51f2d1cafc9c0f745c00037d)
- Sum Of Numbers (https://www.codewars.com/kata/55f2b110f61eb01779000053)
- Printer Errors (https://www.codewars.com/kata/56541980fa08ab47a0000040)
- Pin Validator (https://www.codewars.com/kata/55f8a9c06c018a0d6e000132)
- Count The Digit (https://www.codewars.com/kata/566fc12495810954b1000030)
- Maximum Length Difference (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5663f5305102699bad000056)
- The Highest Profit Wins (https://www.codewars.com/kata/559590633066759614000063)
- Unlucky Days (https://www.codewars.com/kata/56eb0be52caf798c630013c0)

#### 8 Kyu

- Sum Positive (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5715eaedb436cf5606000381)
- Total Amount of Points (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5bb904724c47249b10000131)
- Reverse String (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5168bb5dfe9a00b126000018)
- Opposite Number (https://www.codewars.com/kata/56dec885c54a926dcd001095)

### Kotlin Code Wars

#### 5 Kyu

- Last Digit of Large Number (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5511b2f550906349a70004e1)

#### 6 Kyu

- Divisibility Rule (https://www.codewars.com/kata/564057bc348c7200bd0000ff)
- Backwards Read Primes (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5539fecef69c483c5a000015)
- Color Code Generation (https://www.codewars.com/kata/56f1c6034d0c330e4a001059)
- Convert to Camel Case (https://www.codewars.com/kata/517abf86da9663f1d2000003)
- Which Are In (https://www.codewars.com/kata/550554fd08b86f84fe000a58)
- Unwanted Dollars (https://www.codewars.com/kata/587309155cfd6b9fb60000a0)
- Meeting (https://www.codewars.com/kata/59df2f8f08c6cec835000012)
- A+B=123 (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5966a52ab4f24db1800000cc)

#### 7 Kyu

- Hide Password (https://www.codewars.com/kata/5a726f16373c2ee6c60000db)
- Beads Count (https://www.codewars.com/kata/58712dfa5c538b6fc7000569)
- Small Enough (https://www.codewars.com/kata/57cc981a58da9e302a000214)
- The Office I (https://www.codewars.com/kata/57ecf6efc7fe13eb070000e1)

#### 8 Kyu

- Will They Survive (https://www.codewars.com/kata/59ca8246d751df55cc00014c)
